---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infisical_dynamic_secret_sql_database Resource - terraform-provider-infisical"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage SQL Database Dynamic Secret
---

# infisical_dynamic_secret_sql_database (Resource)

Create and manage SQL Database Dynamic Secret



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The configuration of the dynamic secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `default_ttl` (String) The default TTL that will be applied for all the leases.
- `environment_slug` (String) The slug of the environment to create the dynamic secret in.
- `name` (String) The name of the dynamic secret.
- `path` (String) The path to create the dynamic secret in.
- `project_slug` (String) The slug of the project to create dynamic secret in.

### Optional

- `max_ttl` (String) The maximum limit a TTL can be leases or renewed.
- `metadata` (Attributes Set) The metadata associated with this dynamic secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `username_template` (String) The username template of the dynamic secret

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the dynamic secret.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client` (String) The database client to use. Currently supported values are postgres, mysql2, oracledb, mssql, sap-ase, and vertica.
- `creation_statement` (String) The creation statement to use to create the dynamic secret lease.
- `database` (String) The name of the database to use.
- `host` (String) The host of the database server.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use to connect to the database.
- `port` (Number) The port of the database server.
- `revocation_statement` (String) The revocation statement to use to revoke the dynamic secret lease.
- `username` (String) The username to use to connect to the database.

Optional:

- `ca` (String) The CA certificate to use to connect to the database.
- `gateway_id` (String) The Gateway ID to use to connect to the database.
- `password_requirements` (Attributes) The password requirements to use to create the dynamic secret lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--password_requirements))
- `renew_statement` (String) The renew statement to use to renew the dynamic secret lease.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--password_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.password_requirements`

Required:

- `length` (Number) The length of the password to use to create the dynamic secret lease.
- `required` (Attributes) The required characters to use to create the dynamic secret lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--password_requirements--required))

Optional:

- `allowed_symbols` (String) The symbols allowed in the password.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--password_requirements--required"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.password_requirements.required`

Required:

- `digits` (Number) The number of digits required in the password.
- `lowercase` (Number) The number of lowercase characters required in the password.
- `symbols` (Number) The number of symbols required in the password.
- `uppercase` (Number) The number of uppercase characters required in the password.




<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the metadata object
- `value` (String) The value of the metadata object
