---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infisical_identity_aws_auth Resource - terraform-provider-infisical"
subcategory: "Identities"
description: |-
  Create and manage identity aws auth in Infisical.
---

# infisical_identity_aws_auth (Resource)

Create and manage identity aws auth in Infisical.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_id` (String) The ID of the identity to attach the configuration onto.

### Optional

- `access_token_max_ttl` (Number) The maximum lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `access_token_num_uses_limit` (Number) The maximum number of times that an access token can be used; a value of 0 implies infinite number of uses. Default:0
- `access_token_trusted_ips` (Attributes List) A list of IPs or CIDR ranges that access tokens can be used from. You can use 0.0.0.0/0, to allow usage from any network address.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips))
- `access_token_ttl` (Number) The lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `allowed_account_ids` (List of String) List of trusted AWS account IDs that are allowed to authenticate with Infisical.
- `allowed_principal_arns` (List of String) List of trusted IAM principal ARNs that are allowed to authenticate with Infisical. The values should take one of three forms: `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/MyUserName`, `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/MyRoleName`, or `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:*`. Using a wildcard in this case allows any IAM principal in the account `123456789012` to authenticate with Infisical under the identity
- `sts_endpoint` (String) The endpoint URL for the AWS STS API. This value should be adjusted based on the AWS region you are operating in (e.g. `https://sts.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/`); refer to the list of regional STS endpoints [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/sts.html).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the aws auth

<a id="nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_token_trusted_ips`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String)
