---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infisical_identity_universal_auth Resource - terraform-provider-infisical"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage identity universal auth in Infisical.
---

# infisical_identity_universal_auth (Resource)

Create and manage identity universal auth in Infisical.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_id` (String) The ID of the identity to attach the configuration onto.

### Optional

- `access_token_max_ttl` (Number) The maximum lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `access_token_num_uses_limit` (Number) The maximum number of times that an access token can be used; a value of 0 implies infinite number of uses. Default:0
- `access_token_trusted_ips` (Attributes List) A list of IPs or CIDR ranges that access tokens can be used from. You can use 0.0.0.0/0, to allow usage from any network address.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips))
- `access_token_ttl` (Number) The lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `client_secret_trusted_ips` (Attributes List) A list of IPs or CIDR ranges that the Client Secret can be used from together with the Client ID to get back an access token. You can use 0.0.0.0/0, to allow usage from any network address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_secret_trusted_ips))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the universal auth

<a id="nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_token_trusted_ips`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--client_secret_trusted_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_secret_trusted_ips`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String)
