---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infisical_identity_gcp_auth Resource - terraform-provider-infisical"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage identity gcp auth in Infisical.
---

# infisical_identity_gcp_auth (Resource)

Create and manage identity gcp auth in Infisical.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_id` (String) The ID of the identity to attach the configuration onto.

### Optional

- `access_token_max_ttl` (Number) The maximum lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `access_token_num_uses_limit` (Number) The maximum number of times that an access token can be used; a value of 0 implies infinite number of uses. Default:0
- `access_token_trusted_ips` (Attributes List) A list of IPs or CIDR ranges that access tokens can be used from. You can use 0.0.0.0/0, to allow usage from any network address.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips))
- `access_token_ttl` (Number) The lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `allowed_projects` (String) A comma-separated list of trusted GCP projects that the GCE instance must belong to authenticate with Infisical. Note that this validation property will only work for GCE instances
- `allowed_service_account_emails` (String) A comma-separated list of trusted service account emails corresponding to the GCE resource(s) allowed to authenticate with Infisical; this could be something like `test@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com`, `12345-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com`, etc.
- `allowed_zones` (String) A comma-separated list of trusted zones that the GCE instances must belong to authenticate with Infisical; this should be the fully-qualified zone name in the format `<region>-<zone>`like `us-central1-a`, `us-west1-b`, etc. Note that this validation property will only work for GCE instances.
- `type` (String) The Type of GCP Auth Method to use: Options are gce, iam. Default:gce

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the gcp auth

<a id="nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_token_trusted_ips`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String)
