---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infisical_identity_kubernetes_auth Resource - terraform-provider-infisical"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage identity kubernetes auth in Infisical.
---

# infisical_identity_kubernetes_auth (Resource)

Create and manage identity kubernetes auth in Infisical.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_id` (String) The ID of the identity to attach the configuration onto.
- `kubernetes_host` (String) The host string, host:port pair, or URL to the base of the Kubernetes API server. This can usually be obtained by running `kubectl cluster-info`.
- `token_reviewer_jwt` (String) A long-lived service account JWT token for Infisical to access the [TokenReview API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/authentication-resources/token-review-v1/) to validate other service account JWT tokens submitted by applications/pods. This is the JWT token obtained from step 1.5.

### Optional

- `access_token_max_ttl` (Number) The maximum lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `access_token_num_uses_limit` (Number) The maximum number of times that an access token can be used; a value of 0 implies infinite number of uses. Default:0
- `access_token_trusted_ips` (Attributes List) A list of IPs or CIDR ranges that access tokens can be used from. You can use 0.0.0.0/0, to allow usage from any network address.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips))
- `access_token_ttl` (Number) The lifetime for an access token in seconds. This value will be referenced at renewal time. Default: 2592000
- `allowed_audience` (String) An optional audience claim that the service account JWT token must have to authenticate with Infisical.
- `allowed_namespaces` (List of String) List of trusted namespaces that service accounts must belong to authenticate with Infisical.
- `allowed_service_account_names` (List of String) List of trusted service account names that are allowed to authenticate with Infisical.
- `kubernetes_ca_certificate` (String) The PEM-encoded CA cert for the Kubernetes API server. This is used by the TLS client for secure communication with the Kubernetes API server.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the kubernetes auth

<a id="nestedatt--access_token_trusted_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_token_trusted_ips`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String)
