---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infisical_secret_sync_github Resource - terraform-provider-infisical"
subcategory: "Secret Syncs"
description: |-
  Create and manage Github secret syncs
---

# infisical_secret_sync_github (Resource)

Create and manage Github secret syncs

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    infisical = {
      # version = <latest version>
      source = "infisical/infisical"
    }
  }
}

provider "infisical" {
  host = "https://app.infisical.com" # Only required if using self hosted instance of Infisical, default is https://app.infisical.com
  auth = {
    universal = {
      client_id     = "<machine-identity-client-id>"
      client_secret = "<machine-identity-client-secret>"
    }
  }
}

resource "infisical_secret_sync_github" "example-github-secret-sync" {
  name          = "github-secret-sync-demo"
  description   = "Demo of Github secret sync"
  project_id    = "<project-id>"
  environment   = "<environment-slug>"
  secret_path   = "/" # Root folder is /
  connection_id = "<github-app-connection-id>"

  sync_options = {
    initial_sync_behavior   = "overwrite-destination", # Supported options: overwrite-destination
    disable_secret_deletion = false,
    key_schema              = "INFISICAL_{{secretKey}}" # Optional, but recommended
  }

  destination_config = {
    scope            = "repository"                # Supported options: repository|organization|repository-environment
    repository_owner = "<github-repository-owner>" # The github organization name or github username for personal repositories
    repository_name  = "<github-repository-name>"  # The github repository name
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the github Connection to use for syncing.
- `destination_config` (Attributes) The destination configuration for the secret sync. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_config))
- `environment` (String) The slug of the project environment to sync secrets from.
- `name` (String) The name of the Github sync to create. Must be slug-friendly.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the Infisical project to create the sync in.
- `secret_path` (String) The folder path to sync secrets from.
- `sync_options` (Attributes) Parameters to modify how secrets are synced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_options))

### Optional

- `auto_sync_enabled` (Boolean) Whether secrets should be automatically synced when changes occur at the source location or not.
- `description` (String) An optional description for the Github sync.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Github secret sync

<a id="nestedatt--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_config`

Required:

- `scope` (String) The scope to sync the secrets to, repository|organization

Optional:

- `repository_environment` (String) The environment to sync the secrets to, required if scope is `repository-environment`
- `repository_name` (String) The repository to sync the secrets to, required if scope is `repository` or `repository-environment`. This is only the name of the repository, without the repository owner included. As an example if you have a repository called Infisical/go-sdk, you would only need to provide `go-sdk` here.
- `repository_owner` (String) The owner of the Github repository, required if scope is `repository`, `repository-environment`, or `organization`. This is the organization name, or the username for personal repositories. As an example if you have a repository called Infisical/go-sdk, you would only need to provide `Infisical` here.
- `selected_repository_ids` (List of Number) The repository ids to sync the secrets to, required if scope is `organization` and the visibility field is set to `selected`
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the Github repository, required if scope is `organization`. Accepted values are: `all`|`private`|`selected`


<a id="nestedatt--sync_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_options`

Required:

- `initial_sync_behavior` (String) Specify how Infisical should resolve the initial sync to the destination. Supported options: overwrite-destination

Optional:

- `disable_secret_deletion` (Boolean) When set to true, Infisical will not remove secrets from Github. Enable this option if you intend to manage some secrets manually outside of Infisical.
- `key_schema` (String) The format to use for structuring secret keys in the Github destination.
